Welcome to this module. With the background images and the images being sized, at least as a first step before
we have a look at responsive design later, it's time to have a look at dimensions, sizes and units because
there is more than pixels.
What does this mean and what will we do in this module?
Well, we will start by having a look at the theory because so far, the main unit used on our website is
pixels and partially percentages but there are more units available which help us to change the size
of our boxes or of the font for example,
we'll of course dive into that in this module.
After that, we'll have a look at percentages and the containing block because although we use percentages
so far, we are not totally sure what drives the actual size of our element because the percentage has
to refer to another element because it has to be the percentage of something
and we will find out what this something actually is.
After that, we'll also have a look at min width and max width. These are some properties, some special width
properties which by the way can also be applied for the height property and we will see how we can use
these properties to do our first steps towards a more responsive design.
After that, we'll understand rem and em and rem is not a band, R.E.M., sorry I had to make this joke,
I know it's not a good one but basically rem and em are units that are based on the actual font size
on our website. What we can do with these, how these work,
let's find out all this in this module and after we understood rem and em, we'll also have a look at vw
and vh. I could make another bad joke about vw,
I won't do that now
but these are also units we can use
and because of that, we should also understand how we can use them and what we can use them.
So that's what's inside this module
and with that, I think it's time to start and a good starting point again would be our current project
because as we said a few seconds ago, we already applied some pixels and percentages to our website.
So I think it makes sense to have a closer look at that before we dive deeper.